React Props: Button Challenge (#140)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/react-props/button/README.md

# Button

Buttons are everywhere: a green submit button, a red danger button, a disabled button because you did not fill in the form correctly, ...

And here is the magic: we can only do this with one button component using props! Let's try it.

## Tasks

### 1. A Simple Button Component

> Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file: the `App` component returns a heading which wants to be replaced by a component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file: the `App` component returns a default heading element that you need to replace with a custom component.
```

Your task is to write a `Button` component which takes three props `color`, `disabled`, and `text` and renders a button a button with the given color, text and disabled state.

You can use the following hints as guideline:

> - Write the `Button` component inside of the [`App.js`](src/App.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Write a `Button` component inside of the [`App.js`](src/App.js).
```

  - It accepts three props: `color`, `disabled`, and `text` (make sure to destructure them).
  - It returns an HTML button element which
  - renders its text according to the `text` prop,
  - has its disabled attribute set according to the `disabled` prop, and
  - uses the `color` prop to set the text color of the button

>     - Note: use inline styling with the help of the `style` attribute: `style={{height: "100px"}}`
>     - Additional hint: If you want to set the background color via a prop, you need to use camelCase `backgroundColor` instead of kebab-case `background-color`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

>💡 Note: use inline styling with the help of the `style` attribute: `style={{height: "100px"}}`

>💡 Additional hint: If you want to set the background color via a prop, you need to use camelCase `backgroundColor` instead of kebab-case `background-color`.
```

Maybe this doesn't work, but I figured if these are special notes, we should format them as such. :)

- Inside of the return statement of your `App` component, replace the heading with your `Button` component and pass it the props as you wish.

🎉 Congratulations, you have just created a very flexible button component!

> However, clicking a button without anything to happen is useless, right? Let's fix that!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, clicking a button without anything happening is pretty useless, right? Let's fix that!
```

### 2. Adding a Click Event

> In your `Button` component, use the `onClick` prop and pass it a `console.log()` with text of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside of your `Button` component, use the `onClick` prop and pass it a `console.log()` with the text of your choice.
```

Use an anonymous function like `onClick={() => alert('You clicked me!')}` to make sure the code is called when the button is clicked (and not with every render).

🎉 Congratulations, you've defined your first event handler in React!

### 3. Declare an Event Handler Function

> By now, you've defined the event handler inline in the JSX (which looks something like `onClick={() => alert('You clicked me!')}`). Let's extract the logic to an event handler function and pass this function to the `<button>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By now, you've defined the event handler inline in the JSX (which looks something like `onClick={() => alert('You clicked me!')}`). Let's extract the logic to an event handler function and pass this function to the `<button> element`.
```

- Inside the `Button` component, create a function `handleClick` which calls the same `console.log` you've passed to the `<button>`s `onClick` prop.

> - Replace the anonymous function of the `<button>`s `onClick` prop with the `handleClick` function. Make sure NOT to call `handleClick` here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace the anonymous function of the `<button>`'s `onClick` prop with the `handleClick` function. Make sure NOT to call `handleClick` here.
```

- Check whether the `console.log` is still working.
  - If not, check your brackets again.

### 4. Pass a Function as Prop

As a last step, let's pass a function as a prop to a component.

- Move the `handleClick` function from the `Button` component to the `App` component.

> - In the `App` component, pass the `handleClick` function as prop to the `Button` component; use the name `onClick` for this prop.
> - In the `Button` component, receive the `onClick` prop as parameter.
> - Pass the received `onClick` prop to the `<button>`s `onClick` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the `App` component, pass the `handleClick` function as a prop to the `Button` component; rename the `handleClick` function to `onClick` at this point (hint: `newFunctionName={oldFunctionName}`).
- In the `Button` component, receive the `onClick` prop as a parameter.
- Pass the received `onClick` prop to the `<button>`s `onClick` prop.
```
Maybe?

Author: I agree that we can describe in more detail what students are supposed to do here! However, I am not sure whether "rename" is the appropriate action? I was slightly confused what this should mean when reading is the first time.

To me, "renaming" sounds like "where you have written 'handleClick', change it to 'onClick'. 
Maybe we can wrap it up like this:

```
In the `App` component, pass the `handleClick` function as a prop called `onClick` to the `Button` component (hint: `onFunctionName={handleFunctionName}`).
```
What do you think?
